User Guide Update and Numerous Bug Fix (#288)
AY2324S1-CS2113-T17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* TYPE: The metric for the goal. Options: distance, duration.
* PERIOD: The period for the goal. Options: daily, weekly, monthly, yearly. Only activities that are recorded within
  the period will be counted towards the goal.
* TARGET: The target value. It must be a positive number. For distance, in meters. For duration, in minutes.

**Examples**

* `set-activity-goal sport/running type/distance period/weekly target/10000` Sets a goal of running 10km per week.
* `set-activity-goal sport/swimming type/duration period/monthly target/120` Sets a goal of swimming for 2 hours 
  per month.

---

### ✍️ Editing Activity Goals:

`edit-activity-goal`

You can edit your set goals by specifying the sport, target, and period.

**Syntax**

* `edit-activity-goal sport/SPORT target/TARGET period/PERIOD target/TARGET`

**Parameters**

* TARGET: The new target value. For distance (in meters), for duration (in minutes).
* See [setting activity goals](#-setting-activity-goals) for the other parameters.

**Examples**

* `edit-activity-goal sport/running type/distance period/weekly target/20000` Edits the goal of running 20km per week.

> * `edit-activity-goal sport/swimming type/duration period/monthly target/60` Edits the goal of swimming for 1 hour 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `edit-activity-goal sport/swimming type/duration period/monthly target/60` Adjusts the goal of swimming duration to 1 hour 
```
Something like that to clarify that we are actually changing the target value and not filtering by this

* `find-activity 2021-09-01`

---

### 🎯 Setting Activity Goals:

`set-activity-goal`

> You can set goals for specific sports by defining target distance or duration over various periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set goals for specific sports by defining the target distance or duration over various periods. The goals can track your daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly progress.
```
I think it's good to mention the periods here so that the user better understands the feature.

**Syntax**

* `set-activity-goal sport/SPORT type/TYPE period/PERIOD target/TARGET`

**Parameters**

* SPORT: The sport for which to set a goal. Options: running, cycling, swimming, general.
* TYPE: The metric for the goal. Options: distance, duration.
* PERIOD: The period for the goal. Options: daily, weekly, monthly, yearly. Only activities that are recorded within
  the period will be counted towards the goal.

> * TARGET: The target value. For distance (in meters), for duration (in minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TARGET: The target value. It must be a positive number. For distance, in meters. For duration, in
  minutes.
```
Need to mention positive number criteria and the () seem unnecessary.

**Examples**

* `set-activity-goal sport/running type/distance period/weekly target/10000` - Sets a weekly running goal of 10 km.

> * `set-activity-goal sport/swimming type/duration period/monthly target/120` - Sets a monthly swimming goal of 2 hours.

Reviewer: I prefer the previous version, which tries to explain the goal a bit better

`add-diet`

> Your can record your diet by specifying calorie, protein, carbohydrate, and fat intake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can record your diet by specifying calorie, protein, carbohydrate, and fat intake.
```
